Getting Started documentation update. (#1056)
eclipse-cdt/cdt: doc/org.eclipse.cdt.doc.user/src/getting_started/cbs_using_existing_code.adoc

////
Copyright (c) 2000, 2025 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
This program and the accompanying materials
are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
which accompanies this distribution, and is available at
https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
////

// pull in shared headers, footers, etc
:docinfo: shared

// support image rendering and table of contents within GitHub
ifdef::env-github[]
:imagesdir: ../../images
:toc:
:toc-placement!:
endif::[]

// enable support for button, menu and keyboard macros
:experimental:

// Until ENDOFHEADER the content must match adoc-headers.txt for consistency,
// this is checked by the build in do_generate_asciidoc.sh, which also ensures
// that the checked in html is up to date.
// do_generate_asciidoc.sh can also be used to apply this header to all the
// adoc files.
// ENDOFHEADER

== Using existing code

> This tutorial describes how to use existing code for Core Build System
> projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial describes how to create a new Core Build System
project for use with existing code.
```

> (CBS) project for use with existing code.

Reviewer 2: It assumes existing code is located in a directory containing source files. Note, CDT project files are written into this directory.

Author: Yes

Using existing code is done by creating a new **empty** project on top of the

> existing code.

Reviewer 2: [I think this task is quite unintuitive for the new user, so it's worth labouring the point about project files, directories etc]
Using existing code is performed by creating a new **empty** CDT project in the top directory containing the existing source files. With this method, new project files are created, but no new project directory is created.

Author: Done

=== Using an existing CMake project

To create an empty CMake project select the template *Empty or Existing CMake

> Project* in the *New C/{cpp} Project* wizard.

Reviewer: Need to clarify the distinction between a "CMake project" (IDE independent) and a "CMake project" (metadata created by CDT).

image:cbs_empty_cmake_project.png[Empty or Existing CMake Project]

> In the *New CMake Project* wizard deselect *Use default location*

Reviewer 2: [Consider replacing "deselect" with "uncheck". Feels a little more user friendly. There are a couple more occurrences of this below]

Author: Done

and set the location of the existing code.

image:cbs_existing_code_cmake.png[Existing code CMake]

More information about creating a CMake project is described in
xref:new_cmake_proj.adoc[Creating a CMake project]

=== Using an existing Makefile project

> Create a Makefile project as described in

Reviewer: Similarly, distinguish the two uses of "Makefile project" here.
